                                           Problem K
                                           Space Walls
                                    Time limit: 15 seconds
Place-Y Technology Corp. plans to launch a new space station soon. The company CEO is known for
being obsessed with perfection. For example, he insists that all the outer surfaces of the space station are
regularly polished and cleaned of what he calls “space debris,” mainly for the station to appear good in
photos. The engineering team tried but failed to convince the CEO that this was not needed. So instead
they developed an innovative technology to maintain the surfaces while minimizing human operations
outside the station. The maintenance is performed by several small robots moving over the space station
surface, just like robotic vacuum cleaners. Before their first flight, Place-Y needs to assess the risks of
collision during the operation of the robots. And this is exactly where you step in.
For the purposes of this problem, we model the space station as a collection of axis-aligned unit cubes
(not necessarily connected). Each robot starts at time t = 0 in the center of an exposed face of one of the
station’s unit cubes (that is, a face which is not shared by a second station cube). The robot is oriented in
one of the four directions parallel to an edge of the cube face. Every time unit, the robot moves straight
ahead to another cube face, possibly pivoting 90 degrees across the space station edges so that it always
maintains contact with the station. Note that if two cubes share an edge, the robot cannot slip between
them (there is no gap).




       Figure K.1: Illustration of Sample Input 1. The dots denote starting points of two robots.

Given the layout of the station and starting positions of all the cleaning robots, determine the time of the
earliest collision (if any). The time a collision occurs is either the time unit when two or more robots
are on the interior of the same cube face or the time unit when two robots attempt to swap locations (see
Sample Input 3 for the latter case).

ICPC World Finals 2020 Problem K: Space Walls                                                             21
