                                           Problem N
                              What’s Our Vector, Victor?
                                     Time limit: 6 seconds
Vector embeddings are a common tool in machine learning systems. Complex
real-world concepts (for instance, words in a dictionary) are mapped onto vec-
tors of real numbers. If embeddings are trained properly, related concepts remain
close together in the vector space, so questions like “are these two words syn-
onyms?” can be reduced to straightforward mathematical tests.
You have been hired by Ye Olde Ice Cream Shoppe to create an embedding model
for flavors, so that when they are out of an ice cream flavor they can recommend
related flavors to customers. After training your embedding on six cloud datacen-
ters for four months, you finally had the perfect flavor model! You were ready
                                                                                             Image from pxfuel
to revolutionize the ice cream industry on your street and, dare we say it, your
neighborhood! Well, until you accidentally dripped some free ice cream on your
keyboard and deleted half the data. The Shoppe cannot afford the 30 billion rubles needed to retrain the
model, so you are in trouble.
Fortunately, you still have various training results lying around. For a given deleted vector, the training
data tells you how close it was to some known flavor vectors. The closeness of vectors A and B is
just the standard Euclidean distance metric (that is, the length of the vector A − B). Write a tool that
reconstructs embeddings which are consistent with the training results.


Input

The first line contains two integers d and n, where d (1 ≤ d ≤ 500) is the number of dimensions of
the vectors, and n (1 ≤ n ≤ 500) is the number of training results for a deleted embedding vector you
want to reconstruct. Each of the next n lines describes a training result using d + 1 numbers x1 , . . . , xd
and e. In a training result, x1 , . . . , xd (−100 ≤ xi ≤ 100) are the coordinates of a known vector, and e
(0 ≤ e ≤ 5 000) is the Euclidean distance from that vector to the deleted one.
Your submission will be tested only with the sample inputs given below and inputs generated according
to the following procedure. First, d and n are chosen. Then, n input vectors and 1 output vector, each
with dimension d, are chosen at random. The d · (n + 1) coordinates are independent and uniformly
distributed in the interval [−100, 100]. Next, the Euclidean distance from each input vector to the output
vector is computed. Finally, the output vector is discarded. Calculations use double-precision floating-
point numbers. Numbers obtained using this procedure appear in the input with 17 digits after the
decimal point.


Output

Output d values, the coordinates of any vector that has the given distance to each training vector with an
absolute or relative error of at most 10−5 .




ICPC World Finals 2020 Problem N: What’s Our Vector, Victor?                                               27
