                                          Problem O
                                 Which Planet is This?!
                                    Time limit: 6 seconds
It’s the year 2521, and interstellar probes have reached planets in distant solar
systems. The Interstellar Consortium of Planet Cartographers (ICPC) has created
detailed maps of these planets, and they seem to indicate the existence of alien
life! On each map, the ICPC has recorded the locations of what appear to be alien
dwellings.
The ICPC was planning to release this exciting news to the public, but at the
last moment, disaster struck. One of the ICPC’s interns deleted all meta-data
associated with the maps. So while the maps themselves are safe, the ICPC does
not know which maps belong to which planets. For this, they have come back in time to ask for your
help. Given two maps, can you determine whether they describe the same planet? Hopefully, a 500-year
head start will be enough time to solve this important problem!
The planetary maps consist of sets of points on the (spherical) planet surface. They are specified in terms
of latitude (the angle north or south of the equator) and longitude (the angle west or east of the noon
meridian, which is the location of the sun when the map’s data was collected). Two maps for the same
planet always agree on the latitudes of the points, since the planet’s axis does not change. However, the
longitudes of the points might differ, because the planet rotates between measurements.


Input

The first line of input contains an integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 400 000), the number of points in each of the two
maps to be compared. Then follow n lines describing the first map. Each of these lines contains two
real numbers a and b, where a (−90 < a < 90) is the latitude and b (−180 < b ≤ 180) is the longitude.
Coordinates are expressed in degrees and have at most four digits after the decimal point. No two points
on the map will have the same coordinates. The remaining n lines describe the second map in the same
format as the first.


Output

Output Same if there is a rotation around the planet’s axis that transforms one map into the other.
Otherwise, output Different.




ICPC World Finals 2020 Problem O: Which Planet is This?!                                                29
