                                          Problem D
                                         Gene Folding
                                    Time limit: 5 seconds
International Cell Processing Company (ICPC) is a world leader in the analysis of genetic sequences. A
genetic sequence is a sequence of nucleotides, which in this problem is represented by a string containing
only the letters A, C, G, and T in some combination, each letter representing a single nucleotide (Adenine,
Cytosine, Guanine, and Thymine, respectively).
One of the key discoveries made by ICPC is that through a process called Genetically Optimized Organic
Folding (GOOF), they can take a genetic sequence and transform it into a simpler one, while preserving
many of the properties of the sequence that ICPC wants to analyze.
A single application of GOOF works as follows. Find a point between two adjacent nucleotides in the
nucleotide sequence, such that the sequence reads the same from that point in both directions, up until the
nearer end of the sequence. For instance, in the sequence ATTACC, there are two such points: AT-TACC
and ATTAC-C. Then pick one of these points (say, the first one), and fold the genetic sequence at that
point, merging the identical nucleotides (so, in this case the AT and TA would become merged, and the
resulting sequence would be CCAT or TACC).
Through repeated application of GOOF, a nucleotide can potentially be made much shorter. However,
manually searching for the appropriate folding points is very time-consuming. ICPC reached out to you
to write a program that would automate the process of finding the folding points and choosing them so
as to obtain the shortest possible genetic sequence from a given input sequence.


Input

The input contains a single string s representing the nucleotide sequence to be analyzed. The string
consists of characters A, C, G, and T only. The length of s is between 1 and 4 · 106 , inclusive.


Output

Output the smallest possible length of a sequence obtained from the input by applying GOOF zero or
more times.

 Sample Input 1                                       Sample Output 1
 ATTACC                                               3


 Sample Input 2                                       Sample Output 2
 AAAAGAATTAA                                          5




ICPC World Finals 2020 Problem D: Gene Folding                                                           7
